# ANLY677

**Introduction** 

  The earliest assistant driving systems appeared in the 1930s. Although the technology was immature at the time, it can be seen that human interest in assistant driving has emerged since then. For example, the existing lane change reminder, the reminder of deviation from the main road, and the detection of traffic lights are also assistant driving applications that people actively explore. Traffic light detection systems are still in the developmental stage in assisted driving. Previously, Tesla has seen cases of "recognizing the tail light of a truck as a traffic light" and "recognizing the moon as a yellow light." This shows that we still need to improve on this technology. We looked at a lot of previous studies. While they used a lot of analysis, most of them only used traditional traffic lights (no directions, no countdowns, or even more complex signs), so we hope this part of the content is to complement and make traffic The light detection system can detect and define a broader range of traffic lights.
  
**Literature Review** 

The identification of traffic lights has always been a difficult point in realizing autopilot. Some techniques have been designed to overcome the difficulties. Currently, there are two main methods for traffic light detection: 1. Based on visual image recognition, the status information of traffic lights is obtained by detecting, classifying, and identifying 2D images. There are also two implementation schemes for this method. Possatti (2019) mentioned that a standard solution for autonomous cars is integrating recognition with prior maps. One is based on the location of the high-precision map to obtain the region of interest and then detects and classifies it. The other is wholly based on 2D image detection and classification. 2. "V2X", Eder&Wolf (2017) defined LTE-V2X. It is based on LTE-Direct, which continues the idea of IEEE 802.11p to connect vehicles and the signal device on traffic lights. The function simply refers to establishing communication between traffic lights and autonomous vehicles. First, a transmitter needs to be installed on the traffic light. The transmitter can transmit the status information of the traffic light to the outside world, and the uncrewed vehicle can receive this information. Uncrewed vehicles using this solution can learn the status of traffic lights earlier. Compared with the camera, its other advantage is the convenience of identification. It can transmit the traffic light information to the vehicle with almost no interference. However, the biggest drawback of V2X is the cost. Another issue worth rethinking and discussing is the distribution of V2X-capable vehicles (Eder&Wolf, 2017). The cost of equipping each traffic light with signaling equipment is immeasurable. Traffic lights often appear in different forms. Traffic lights are mixed with various designs in different countries, states, and cities.


Also, some unpredictable objects (such as birds and plastic bags) will block the traffic lights, and the overall appearance of the traffic lights will be different. The interference undoubtedly brings more significant difficulties to visual image recognition. This is why it is difficult for current traffic light detection methods to perform better than the human eye. “Most of the time, human drivers can easily identify the relevant traffic lights. Nevertheless, there are not always precise rules (e.g., an algorithm) that allow the differentiation of these traffic lights from the others in a scene” (Possatti, 2019).


We used the four most cited studies as our background studies. The core technologies are mainly divided into several categories: use algorithms and logic to identify candidate detection areas faster and then use the Hough method to detect accurate areas further; use detection data sets under different lighting and weather conditions as training sets to improve camera performance recognition rates, the team proposes a machine learning framework for detecting traffic lights that can uniformly handle daytime and nighttime situations in real-time (Haltakov et al., 2015), "The database contains test and training data, totaling 46,418 frames and 112,971 annotated traffic lights, captured in a continuous sequence under different lighting and weather conditions.” (Mark et al., 2015); using a more rational way to filter out irrelevant traffic lights in the same image, clustering using LiDAR projection points, Reduce the search space and extract accurate traffic light locations. While these approaches are endless, we still think there is room for improvement. Because the datasets used in these studies are strongly regional, the types of traffic lights they analyze are relatively unique. For example, most research on traffic lights in the United States ignores countdowns, arrows, upcoming turn signs, and even some more complex signs. We hope to fill this gap with complementary datasets to apply these algorithms to a more diverse set of traffic lights.
